hey what's up guys today i am going to
recap the story of movie girl in the
basement 2021
this film begins with a scene of a young
girl named sarah
sarah wanted to go to the party at her
friend's house
but sarah's father doesn't allow her to
go to the party
sarah's father's name is don sarah asks
her mother that you have allowed me to
go to the party
on it sarah's mother replies that no
problem not today but you can go any
other day
due to it sarah becomes aggressive she
goes to her room
there we see the elder sister of sarah
on the same night
sarah goes to the party with her friend
christopher
meanwhile sarah's mother goes to her
room
sarah's mother sees that sarah was not
in her room
she tells this to her husband mean
serra's father
hearing it sarah's father becomes
aggressive
after spending the whole night with
christopher the next morning
sarah arrives home there sarah's father
gets furious and he scolds her a lot
meanwhile sarah's mother also arrives
there
an angry sarah goes to her room while
running
when sarah was in her room her mother
and her sister come there
they were talking to each other sarah
was telling them that after three months
i'll be of 18 years
i have a childhood friend and i'll go to
him i will live with him and will enjoy
my life a lot
sarah's father hears these talks while
standing outside
then sarah's father don opens the secret
room of the basement
after it he waits for three months later
when sarah will be of 18 years
then directly we are shown the scene
after three months
there we are shown sarah she was talking
with christopher on call
sarah's sister was not at home her
mother also goes to the market sarah and
her father were alone at home
don asks sarah that i want to ship the
box in the basement please help me to
ship the box
then they both take that box to the
basement going there
don opens the door of the secret room
seeing it
sarah gets shocked that there is a
secret room
then don takes sarah to that room don
tries to trap sarah
he locks her in that room and leaves
from there sarah shouts for help
but don doesn't feel pity for her he
ignores her
then sarah tries to open the lock with
her hairpin
due to it the door couldn't open but the
light turns off after blinking
due to it the ventilation stops after it
sarah checks that what is inside that
box
the box which sarah and her father
brought here
there were all the important things
about sarah that will sar need for
living here
sarah asks for help through the
ventilation window
don sees that sarah's voice is coming
out
that's why he closes the ventilation
window that was a silent room
due to it no voices are coming from that
room sarah's mother was worried about
her
she searches her a lot but don was
relaxed as he doesn't care about sarah
the next day sarah again tries to open
the door of that room
but then it happens the same the light
blinks and turns off automatically
then don arrives there sarah tries to
run from there while pushing him
but sarah sees that the door of the
basement was also closed
then don brings sarah back into the room
he shows his anger towards sarah
don says to her that if you will obey me
i will release you from here
but sarah doesn't obey him due to it don
gaine becomes aggressive with her
he forces sarah after it sarah's
condition gets worse
she vomits then after one week the
police were investigating to search
sarah
don says that sarah has gone somewhere
far from us
because she wanted to spend her life
while separating from us
sarah's mother says that she only used
to say this but she didn't think to do
this
the police officer says that we should
wait for sarah
maybe she will contact us on the other
side
sraw was sad about her father's this
action
she was upset then one day to know about
sarah
christopher comes to her home their don
tells christopher that sarah had run
with her childhood friend
after it 21 days passed sarah turned 18
years
today was her birthday sadan brings cake
and candles to sarah
don asks sarah to blow off the candle
sarah does the same
she was obeying don because don said her
to obey me i will release you soon from
here
don gives a costume to sarah to wear
then don asks sarah her one wish and he
says i will fulfill it
on it sarah says that my wish is to
release from here
i want to get out of this place on it
don says there is much time left for
this
sarah says that i want a clock and a tv
here don again forces sarah
the next day dawn brings a clock and tv
for sarah
then with the help of a food cane sarah
makes her weapon
she calls dawn near her but don
understands the intentions of sarah
that what she wants due to it he beats
sarah even he breaks her hand
doing this a year passed we see that
sarah is pregnant
sarah was in pain then sarah delivers a
baby girl
don wasn't happy while seeing the
daughter of sarah
after it four years passed sarah's
mother misses her a lot
sarah was pregnant again don tells his
wife that i am promoted on which sarah's
mother says that we should hire an
investigator
who will search sarah on it don refuses
and leaves from there
the tv that dawn brings for her daughter
and sarah seeing it they become happy
because to avoid the boring time what
will be more good than tv
after some days sarah delivers a baby
boy
one day sarah's daughter becomes sick
because she was suffering from fever
don brings medicine for her on that day
dawn and sarah fight
once again christopher comes to sarah's
home to know about her
there christopher meets sarah's sister
christopher tells everything to sarah's
sister which was said by don
that sarah had run with her childhood
friend
sarah's sister says to christopher that
i feel like my father had hide sarah
somewhere
sometimes i feel like sarah herself gone
far from us
sarah once again becomes pregnant third
time
don and his wife argue about sarah
sarah's sister says to don that you
always show anger towards sarah
being upset sarah's mother goes from
there
to makes his wife agree don also goes
behind her
the keys of the basement fall from his
pocket sarah's sister picks those keys
she goes to the basement to check there
she sees a different kind of things
seeing those things sarah's sister
thinks that what are these things doing
here
meanwhile don also comes there he sends
sarah's sister back from there
sarah delivers her third baby that was a
baby boy
sarah asks don to take her third baby
outside
means take that baby to my mother and
gives that baby to her
hearing it don gets an idea he places
that baby outside his house secretly
sarah's mother comes outside after
listening to that baby's voice
there she finds a note written on a
paper with that baby
there was written on it that mother i am
sarah this is my baby
my financial condition is not good i
can't be brought him up
take him with you then sarah's mother
takes that baby with her
means she had adopted that baby their
don finds another note
there was written on that note that
father had imprisoned me in the basement
seeing it don gets aggressive to give
punishment to sarah he again forces
sarah
after it we are shown the scene after
some years
there we see that the daughter and son
of sarah have grown elder
one day don was watching sarah's
daughter badly
sarah understands the bad intentions of
don
she knew that now dawn is watching her
daughter for bad intentions
sarah was worried about her daughter
because her daughter was suffering from
asthma
one day sarah sees that the roof was
leaking
sarah thinks that there is some raw
floor while breaking it we can ask for
help from someone
sarah makes a hole there she takes out
the light from that hole at night
a man sees that light but unfortunately
he tells this to dawn there is some
light coming from a hole in your
basement
hearing it don gets aggressive with
sarah
that's why he goes and beats sarah badly
he beats sarah badly that her baby to be
a miscarriage
sarah's baby dies don bury her dead baby
due to it sarah becomes sad sarah asks
about her son from dawn which she gave
to her mother
on it don tells that he will play in a
tournament next month
on it sarah's son says that i also want
to go
outside to play that boy says that when
will we go outside
when will we play outside don says when
the behavior of your mother will be good
with me then
i will take you out from here then you
can also go outside and can play
sarah apologizes to don that her kids
talked about going outside
when he leaves both kids to become
aggressive with sarah
that what have we said that you
apologized sarah says that i only want
to protect you
sarah was sad and she was missing
christopher because before coming there
she met with christopher
she had spent a good time with
christopher both kids say sorry for the
misbehavior
sarah tells her kids the reality of dawn
she tells them the truth
after hearing this the kids were shocked
they were scared so badly that sarah's
daughter suffers from an asthma attack
don was aggressive with sarah because
she told the truth to her kids
that's why he starts beating sarah but
sarah's son stops don from doing this
as a punishment don goes outside and
turns off the light of the basement
it is shown after some days that don has
left his job
due to which his savings were finishing
slowly on it
don's wife asks him that where is he
spending his savings
sarah breaks the ventilation meanwhile
don receives a notice from the bank
to leave the house because don hadn't
returned the insurance money to the bank
then don decides to kill sarah and her
kids
because now he couldn't manage the whole
system he throws the smoke of his car
through the ventilation path but then
sarah's son which she has given to her
mother arrives there
that's why don stops the car after many
years we see that sarah's daughter again
suffers from an asthma attack
sarah says to dawn that i want to take
my daughter to the doctor for the
checkup
don refuses for it but sarah requests
him for this
then seeing sarah's daughter condition
dawn agrees on this
don only takes sarah and her daughter
with him he asks her son to stay in the
basement
when sarah comes out of the basement she
remembers everything while seeing her
house
sarah's daughter was taken to the
hospital her life was saved hardly
there was a lady doctor who asks sarah
to fill up a form
now sarah does not wants to go in her
that life again that's why she throws
water on the form
then don goes to bring another form
getting a chance sarah comes to that
lady doctor
sarah hugs that lady doctor then don
also arrives there
sarah says to that lady doctor please
help me
they think that maybe sarah is in
trouble sarah's luck was that there was
also a police officer
that police officer catches don then don
reveals everything
he also tells his reality sarah's son
was also taken out of the basement
seeing it sarah's mother was broken and
shocked
after it don was imprisoned sarah was
relieved to be able to go
outside with her sister and mother her
kids were also happy
after it christopher comes to meet sarah
he was still unmarried
sarah and christopher go on a long drive
when they leave this movie ends
thank you for watching